feat(quickstart): Add examples for all quickstart platforms (#1026)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/collections/_documentation/error-reporting/getting-started-verify/electron.md

> A simple way to break your Electron application is to call an undefined function:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One way to break your Electron application is to call an undefined function:
```
